# Administrative Tools
These are some general administrative tools that you can use.

## Dev Mode
- When you are working on the server and would like to place loot, vehicles, and allow other players to use staff commands (such as spawning items for testing), you can enable dev mode.
- To enable dev mode, simply include "dev" somewhere in your server's name.
- Please do *not* enable this when in a public environment. 

## Placing Loot
Here are some instructions on how to place loot. Make sure that dev mode is enabled, otherwise these commands will not work.

### /lootmode
- Toggles your lootmode.
- While in lootmode, you can use keys 1-3 to place a lootbox of that tier at your position.

### /boxcount
- Broadcasts how many lootboxes are on the server.

### /rbox
- Removes lootboxes that are within 5m of your position.

### /displayboxes
- Toggles whether or not a circle is rendered over every box so that you can easily see where you have placed loot.

### /boxdist [dist]
- Changes the maximum render distance for lootboxes to [dist]. Keep in mind that this is restricted to the cell size.

## Placing Vehicles
Here are some instructions on how to place vehicle spawn points. To begin, change `edit_mode` in `vehicles/config.js` to `true`. Make sure to change it back to `false` when you're done editing vehicles. All vehicle commands are restricted to Admin only.

### Details on how to place vehicles
1. Simply spawn a vehicle and drive it to the spot you want it to spawn.
2. Once you have positioned the vehicle where you want it, type `/savev`. This will save all the vehicles on the server at their current positions.
3. It is **__extremely important__** that you do not blow up any vehicles or drive them while you are editing vehicles. Otherwise, you may save and vehicles might spawn at weird positions.

### /remover [distance]
- Removes all vehicles within [distance] of your player.
- Works great for removing vehicles that exploded as well.


# Commands
These are normal commands that you can type in chat.

### @everyone
- You can include `@everyone` in any chat message and it will mention everyone on the server.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /ping
- Displays your ping.
- Everyone is allowed to use it.

### /tutorial
- Allows you to take the tutorial.
- Usable by everyone, but must be in the safezone to use.

### /suicide
- Allows you to die without losing any items or experience.
- Usable by everyone.

### /clearwaypoint
- Removes a waypoint that was generated by clicking the button in the Vehicle menu or the Storage menu.

### /unstuck
- Unstucks your player so that you can load properly. Use this command if you are loading infinitely after selecting your character. Press `T`, then type `/unstuck` and hit `enter` and you should start loading.
- Only usable if you have loaded recently.

### /clear
- Clears the chat for yourself.

### /tags
- Toggles whether to display nametags.

### /report
- Opens up the report GUI so that you can send a report to the admins.
- Usable by everyone.

### /heal
- Heals yourself.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /invul
- Makes yourself invulnerable to damage (resets when exiting safezone).
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /item [item_name]
- Gives yourself an item. [item_name] must match the name of an item exactly.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.
- Usable by everyone in dev mode.
- `/item Admin Ring` gives you +50 slots to all categories and doesn't drop on death.
- `/item DDP` gives you a Death Drop Preventer which makes it so you don't drop anything when you die.

### /bav
- Gives yourself 99 Bavarium.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.
- Usable by everyone in dev mode.

### /worldmap
- Displays a map of Medici with all the players on it, and you can click to teleport anywhere.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /spawnv [hash]
- Spawns a vehicle at your location with specified vehicle hash.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /chatban [player_name]
- Chat bans a player, which makes them unable to send messages in chat.
- [player_name] must be typed exactly as it appears.
- The player does not have to be online.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

### /exp [amount]
- Gives yourself [amount] of experience.
- Restricted to Admin.
- Usable by everyone in dev mode.

### /notify title: [title] subtitle: [subtitle] time: [time]
- Notifies everyone on the server with a notification using specified arguments.
- [title] is the title of the notification. Required.
- [subtitle] is the subtitle of the notification. Optional.
- [time] is the time in milliseconds that the notification will display. Defaults to 5000ms (5 seconds).

### F9
- Opens the Warp Menu so that you can warp players to yourself or warp yourself to other players.
- Restricted to Mod or Admin.

# Discord Commands
After you've gotten the `discord-bot` package all set up, you can use these commands.

### !crate
- Adds or removes the `crate-notify` role, if one was specified.
- Was originally intended for noficiations when supply crates were dropping.
- Usable by anyone.


### !kick "[player_name]" [reason]
- Kicks a player from the ingame server.
- Restricted to people with the specified Moderator or Administrator role.
- [player_name] must be enclosed in double quotes and must match the player's name exactly.
- [reason] must be provided.

### !ban "[player_name]" [time] [reason]
- Bans a player from the ingame server for a specified amount of time.
- Restricted to people with the specified Moderator or Administrator role.
- [player_name] must be enclosed in double quotes and must match the player's name exactly.
- [time] can either be an integer greater than 0 (which represents days temp banned from today) or **Forever**.
- [reason] must be provided.

### !unban [player_name]
- Unbans a player from the ingame server.
- Restricted to people with the specified Moderator or Administrator role.
- [player_name] must be exactly as it appears in the server. Do **not** put quotes around the name.

### !onlinea
- Displays advanced information about players who are currently in the ingame server.
- Restricted to people with the specified Moderator or Administrator role.

### !kickall
- Kicks all the players on the server.
- Great for kicking everyone so that you can restart the server.
- Restricted to people with the specified Moderator or Administrator role.

# Console Commands
These are commands that you can type inside the server console.

### notify title: [title] subtitle: [subtitle] time: [time]
- Notifies everyone on the server with a notification using specified arguments.
- [title] is the title of the notification. Required.
- [subtitle] is the subtitle of the notification. Optional.
- [time] is the time in milliseconds that the notification will display. Defaults to 5000ms (5 seconds).